Allow exponentials with signed base and unsigned power. (#7055)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Language Features:
 * Inline Assembly: Support direct constants of value type in inline assembly.

>  * Type checker: allow unsigned exponential with signed base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Type checker: Allow exponentiation with signed base and unsigned exponent.
```
